# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

In the console.rb file and in the Property.all and Property.find methods.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

property.rb line 18

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
line: 4, 13, 22, 31, 33, 

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Because the ID is assigned by the database.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

In property.rb line 32 @id = db.exec_prepared("save", values)[0]["id"].to_i

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Some CRUD actions are represented by class methods as they refer to more than one object and instance methods operate on a one specific object of the class.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned
data structure?

It is an array of hash. We use array index and hash key to access id.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

To prevent SQL injections attacks.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

They take id and address as arguments.

Q11. What are their return values?

Their returns are hashes.
